The Joe Rogan experience. Well,
I was reading a quote today from that someone was mocking from Pierce Morgan.
We was talking about the like atheists and, uh,
not knowing what happened before the big bang,
not knowing how no one has any answer for what happened before the big
bang and about how this made sense to him that, um, this is,
I think the way he was saying it was somehow or another,
it was evidence or at least in his eyes of something more superior. Oh,
here it is.
No atheist can never say what was there before the big bang.
They just say nothing. And they can't explain what nothing actually is.
No human brain can,
which is why I believe in something that has superior powers to the human brain.
Well, that makes sense. That there's definitely thi oh,
Brian Cox went after his. What did Brian Cox say?
If you mean the hot, big bang,
then there may be a period of rabbit expansion known as inflation.
This theory is able to account for the observed features of universe,
including including the cm B power spectrum and the flatness and
horizon problems. <laugh> I love it.
Brian Cox just came at him with the science of, I love it.
I knew what he's trying to say. That's you do it.
I know what he's trying to say. What Pierce Morgan is trying to say,
and he he's he's right.
No one has an answer as to like why this thing became why the big bang happened.
It's a, this is an interesting, um, quote by this guy, we was talking about,
forget who it was. I wish I could remember,
but he was talking about how people have,
it might have been McKenna have so much faith in science and so little faith
in mystical things,
but yet science revolves on one initial theory where
magic took place. Mm-hmm <affirmative> where everything came out of nothing,
that it was smaller than the head of a pin.
So everything that you see in the observable universe, including planes, trains,
and automobiles. Yeah.
All of it had to have had an origin in the most spectacular
sorcery the world is ever known. Yeah. Like it is all dependent upon magic.
So he wasn't, he wasn't saying that, you know,
ridiculous ideological ideas of the start and birth and death of the universe
are, are fact. But he was saying that, look, look,
the fact according to scientists is that all evidence points to this
whole thing coming outta nothing, this whole thing, this whole thing,
existing nowhere. And with PI Morgan, I think is saying,
is that that gives birth. That,
that gives proof to something superior to the human brain,
which for sure it does. Well, here is we are,
this is Terrance can,
we were asked by science to believe that the entire universe SPR from
nothingness and at a single point, and for no discernible reason,
this notion is the limit case for credulity. In other words,
if you can believe this, you can believe anything. Well, I think I said it,
I said it in a paraphrasing way. That's basically the same thing. He's um,
you know, just saying like it's, it's all nuts spent.
Yeah. I mean, the, my, my, my thing is like,
I think I like to think of it as in simulation terms in, in,
in the sense that if thinking of like reality and the way it's perceived and the
way that we move through it is a kind of a designed game of, of sorts.
And so if I think of it in that way, like nothing and something,
nothing and something, that's just kind of, that's the core of our reality.
Right? We live in a binary reality.
Everything is a complex assortment of binaries that add up into a really
complex system. Right. In a way. So, but what do you think it's moving towards?
What do you think.
About that? Well, that's, that's the thing, I think that part of the rules, or,
or what makes it hard to rationalize like nothingness
or, uh, or something very,
very fantastic is just because, because it's binary,
we are binary in our thought process.
So it's hard for us to not think of things in a binary way.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so we think, oh, there was a beginning, no,
there was an ending, there was a beginning, there's an ending,
but really it's infinite. It's like it's paradox, right.
It's everything and nothing simultaneously. Mm. And, and the absence of which,
but, but I, I guess what I'm saying is that the idea that things are infinite,
that reality is infinite is kind of a good way, but kind of can be scary,
but a good way to think of,
because it doesn't make any sense why it wouldn't be,
it seems like we have a limited way of viewing what reality is.
And I think we're limited by our binary thought processes, I guess.
Well, it's also interesting that we want to put any sort of limitations on the
universe and that yeah. It's immense size. Isn't crazy enough for us. Yeah.
You know what I mean? I know. Or that, like, we could look at what we know.
That's funny if we know that the universe has hundreds of billions of galaxies,
like there's, there's a bunch of competing theories as to what happens,
you know, with black holes and whether or not there's multiverses,
there's a bunch of competing theories, right? Yes. Right. But the,
one of the most profound ones that it was ever explain to me is that there's a
super massive black hole in the center of every galaxy. And it's exactly,
I think one, half of 1% of the mass, the entire galaxy. Oh, really?
It works out with that. So the bigger, yeah. So the bigger galaxies have bigger,
super massive black holes. Exactly. And the, the concept is that it's,
there is a real possib ability that going through that black hole,
you would encounter an entirely different universe.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> with hundreds of billions of galaxies.
Each galaxy have a black hole in the center of it, go through that black hole,
an entirely different universe. So each one, each universe,
when you have hundreds of billions of galaxies, there is hundreds,
billions of universes through those black holes. Yes.
And each one of those galaxy or each one of those universes has also
hundreds of billions of galaxies. And each one of those has a black hole.
You go through that hundreds of billions of galaxy.
That the whole thing is fractal.
Exactly. Just like just keeps happening. People.
There's a resistance. No, come on. Yeah.
There's a thing like an instant reaction to resist that notion as if the
universe itself isn't already the most incredible thing of magic. Right.
I know like, what do you care if it's infinite? Why is that?
Why would you even resist that? Well, because.
That, the part of the binary thinking it's like,
you want something to have an end. It's like, it's, it's, it's a,
it's a way for us to survive. But like, you know, it's like, oh,
there's an end to that. That creates a, uh, a need to survive.
But when you think of things in an abstract, like, like, well,
if something is just infinite, infinite, infinite, what does that mean about us?
It's like, that's the question, that's the thing to ex blower,
because then you have to renegotiate your, your, your relationship to reality.
Yeah. Which is.
Pretty sick. We have,
at least we'd like to take comfort in the idea that the universe has.
At least there's a certain parameter to it. No. Now it's 14 billion,
light years. That's it? That's it. No more, no more. Okay.
As if you can even understand what 14 billion.
Is, there's no way it could be that number. <laugh> it seems more like 19.
But whatever that number is, they don't the way Cox explained it to me. Yeah.
That you and I believe Sean carro explained it this way as well. There's a real,
there's a real lack of understanding about what goes beyond that,
because it takes a certain amount of time for light to even get it to us. Yeah.
And that time that it,
that the light doesn't move fast enough to reach us from further
events. Yeah. So like, if you had something from like 200 billion,
light years ago, maybe the light wouldn't even get to us yet.
Yeah. There's things that, yeah. I mean, we're living in a time machine.
Yeah. I mean, that's when you see that's the other mind.
When you're looking this guy and you're seeing a galaxy or a,
any sort of star, like in the deep, deep, deep distance of space. Yeah.
The light coming from that thing left a million years ago. Yeah. I know.
Or way more, you're literally just looking at the past.
Is if you had, imagine what is the closest star to, uh,
our star in the, the seeable universe, when you look up at the,
the night sky, it, the dog.
Star, how far away is that? A star? Sometimes things are called stars,
but they're planets from old school times. And I could be wrong if.
You had a guess was the closest, how.
Many light office and tar, uh, I.
Don't know. Yeah, that sounds great. Uh, alpha and tar, is it, how much is it?
How far is that? Four.
4.3 Light years from earth.
Wow. That's not too bad. That's hops, skip.
And that jump. You go to the speed of light, take you four years. That's.
Like the Hawaii of outer space that like,
they go there and there goes a pits stop there before they come to earth and the
aliens come, they wanna chill.
I hope so. <laugh>.
Right. So hold on. There's a, this is.
A, oh. Some new, so I breaking these. No, not really. No, I'm.
Sorry. It's a binary pair.
So I imagine that means that they move around each other.
A little bit. Yes. They orbit around each other. There's technically.
A third star Proximus Inari, which is,
cause it says those are an average of 4.3. This one's 4.22.
So it's technically closer.
But nice. I guess that average, so two are closer than the one on one day or.
Do they know if there's planets around those stars? <affirmative> so they, um,
they didn't even know there were other planets for sure.
Other than our solar system.
I know isn't that crazy till just a couple decades ago.
It's it's so amazing to me, it's like shining a flashlight in the ocean. Yeah.
You know, like that's what space is like, it's like, you're,
you're moving a beam, but like,
things are constantly changing at different distances and you can see better
under certain circumstances and you can see at different times. So like,
it's kind of like a big existential party. Yeah. You're like,
I think I'm making sense of this. Yeah.
And then there's all these theories and then someone catches another angle.
They're like, no, no, no. I mean, yes.
A little bit of what you guys were thinking, but also this and they're like.
And they just keep adding to it.
But I don't know if we're gonna find necessarily anything. Um, well, when.
You talk to physicists about the subject and they try to explain to you how they
even reach these conclusions. Mm.
And how they know that there's black holes out there in the first place and that
these theories of like these, these,
these theories of multiverses and yeah. That's my favorite and brains.
The membranes that there's like in theory, like lines of universes,
then we collide with each other occasionally. Yeah.
Yeah. What the? That's what I think ghosts are by the way. Woo.
Which was like in, uh Intertel was it inters cell?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> one with, yeah. With Matthew mod.
Is that the start MCCE dare. I know.
I'm pretty sure it was mod quest guys, vision quest.